SHIPPABLE SERVER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Software License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made by and between
Shippable, Inc., a Delaware company, with offices at 111 South Jackson, Suite
500, Seattle, WA 98104, on behalf of it and its global Affiliates and
subsidiaries (collectively, “Shippable”), and the company or entity
downloading, installing and/or using certain of Shippable’s Licensed Property
(“Customer”). This Agreement is effective immediately upon installation of the
Licensed Property (the “Effective Date”). 

WHEREAS, Shippable has developed and is the owner of certain software products
and apps (the Software, as defined below); 

WHEREAS, Customer desires a non-exclusive license to use some of the products
of the Software known as the Licensed Property (as defined below); and 

WHEREAS, Shippable is willing to grant such a license on the terms and
conditions set forth below. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual promises
contained in this Agreement, Shippable and Customer agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS For purposes of this Agreement, 1.1  “Affiliate” shall mean,
with respect to any person, any other person that controls or is controlled by
or under common control with such Person; provided, that a person shall be
deemed to be an Affiliate only so long as such control exists. For the purposes
of this definition, “person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, or
limited liability company; and “control,” when used with respect to any Person,
means ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock, shares or
other equity interest in the controlled Person and possession of the power to
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the controlled
Person. 

1.2  “Authorized Users” shall mean Customer’s employees, and those consultants
who have agreed to maintain the Licensed Property in confidence and use it only
for the benefit of Customer. 

1.3  “Documentation” shall mean the end user documentation delivered with the
Software, if any. 

1.4  “Internal Use” means use of the Licensed Property by employees of Customer
in Customer’s internal operations but does not include access of the Licensed
Property by, or use of the Licensed Property in the provisions of services to,
Customer’s clients or customers. Internal Use also includes use of the Licensed
Property by contractors of Customer, including contractors providing
outsourcing or hosting services, as long as Customer assumes full
responsibility for the compliance with this Agreement in such use. Use of the
Licensed Property (or any part thereof) for the benefit of others, whether by
means of a software as a service offering, service bureau application,
application service provider, outsourcing or other means of providing service
to any third party shall not be considered Internal Use. 

1.5  “Licensed Property” shall mean the portion of the Software and the
Documentation, if any, to which Customer has received and installed a License.
Licensed Property shall include any updates or upgrades to the Licensed
Property that Shippable may at its discretion deliver to Customer. 

1.6  “Software” shall mean the object code (machine readable) version of any
computer programs or apps offered by Shippable and any Updates thereto,
including and any ancillary data files, modules, libraries, tutorial or
demonstration programs or other components and copies of any of the foregoing
or portions thereof. 

1.7  “Update” means a revision of the Software to provide bug fixes,
corrections and minor enhancements.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE 2.1  Grant; Limitations. Subject to the observance by
Customer of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Shippable hereby grants
to Customer, during the term of this Agreement, a non-exclusive,
non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 8.4) license to use the
Licensed Property solely for Customer’s Internal Use. Customer may grant
sublicenses hereunder to its Affiliates for use in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement, as long as Customer assumes full responsibility for the
compliance of such Affiliate with this Agreement.  No other sublicensing of use
or access is permitted. Each license permits the deployment of a single
instance of the software in a production environment.  Each license permits
deployment of non-production instances for use in testing and development of
the Shippable software (e.g. version upgrades, customizations to the software,
etc) that should not be done on a live production instance. This can also be
used for non-production instances of the software deployed on a cold stand-by
server. Non-production instances are provided free of charge and the
maintenance expiration will be synchronized to the maintenance expiration date
of your product.

2.2  Data Collection. To the extent that the Licensed Property is used by
Customer to collect data of Authorized Users, Customer shall be responsible for
determining the site(s) for such data storage. Customer shall be solely
responsible for and will provide any and all notices and collect any and all
consents required under applicable laws in connection with Customer’s
collection of such data. Shippable hereby disclaims responsibility for the
collection, storage and management of Authorized User data and any liability
therewith. Any such data collected by the Licensed Property shall be
automatically delivered to such data storage site(s) as determined in
Customer's sole discretion. 

2.3  License Restrictions. Any use of the Licensed Property not expressly
permitted by this Agreement is prohibited. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, Customer shall not: (a)  permit persons other than Authorized
Users to access or use the Licensed Property (or any part thereof); or (b)
remove or modify any program markings or any notice of Shippable or its
licensors’ proprietary rights; or (c)  cause or permit reverse engineering
(unless required by law for interoperability), disassembly or decompilation of
the programs; or (d) use the Licensed Property (or any part thereof) in breach
of any applicable laws or regulations. 

2.4  No Other License. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no
license is granted and none shall be deemed granted by implication, estoppel or
otherwise. 

2.5  Delivery. Shippable shall make the Licensed Property available to Customer
on the applicable app store by electronic download. The Licensed Software will
be deemed accepted upon delivery.

2.6  Maintenance. During the term of this Agreement, Shippable will provide:
(i) support services in accordance with Shippable’s standard support policy, as
may be updated by Shippable upon notice from time to time; and (ii) Updates to
the Software which are commercially released during the term of this Agreement
for no additional license fee(s); however, any installation, education or other
services provided by Shippable will be subject to additional charges. Updates
may not include or accommodate customized Software. Nothing in this Agreement
obligates Shippable to develop or create Updates.  Licensee acknowledges that
Shippable may offer premium support for an additional fee, the terms of which
shall be set forth in a separate mutually agreed upon writing.

2.7 Services. Shippable is under no obligation to provide any services to
Customer with respect to the Licensed Property (including, without limitation,
any installation of the Software or Licensed Property, or training). Shippable
may offer or provide services to Customer hereunder in Shippable's sole
discretion, the terms and fees for which shall be set forth in writing between
the parties. 

2.8  Fees. Customer will pay any and all license fees as set forth in writing
between the parties, within thirty (30) days of the date of such writing.
Customer agrees to pay any sales, value-added or other similar taxes imposed by
applicable law that Shippable must pay based on the Licensed Property and/or
services ordered by Customer, except for taxes based on Shippable’s income.
Customer agrees to indemnify Shippable as to all such taxes. 

3.	PROPERTY RIGHTS; PROHIBITIONS AS TO LICENSED PROPERTY 3.1  Property Rights.
Shippable or its licensors retain all ownership and intellectual property
rights to the Software and Licensed Property. Third party technology that may
be appropriate or necessary for use with the Licensed Property is specified in
the Documentation. Such third party technology is licensed to you under the
terms of the third party technology license agreement specified in the program
documentation and not under the terms of this Agreement. Any Authorized User
data collected by the Customer using the Licensed Property shall remain the
property of Customer. 

3.2  Trade Secrets. Customer agrees that the Software and all associated trade
secrets, including but not limited to the Licensed Property, its
configurations, architecture, communications and performance benchmarks, are
the exclusive property of Shippable. Customer agrees not to disclose,
disseminate, transmit via any medium whatsoever, or make available the
Software, Licensed Property or any associated trade secrets to any third party
without Shippable’s prior written consent. 

4.	NO WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER. THE LICENSED PROPERTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION THE SOFTWARE, IS PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER ON AN “AS IS” “WHERE IS” BASIS
WITHOUT WARRANTY AND CUSTOMER’S USE THEREOF IS AT ITS OWN RISK. SHIPPABLE DOES
NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, AND CUSTOMER RELEASES AND WAIVES,
ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, OR ANY WARRANTY ARISING UNDER STATUTE OR
OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OR
TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SHIPPABLE
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE LICENSED PROPERTY IS ACCURATE OR WILL MEET CUSTOMER’S
REQUIREMENTS, WILL OPERATE IN ANY COMBINATION THAT MAY BE SELECTED FOR USE BY
CUSTOMER OR IN COMBINATION WITH OTHER SOFTWARE, OR WILL OPERATE UNINTERRUPTED
OR ERROR FREE. FURTHERMORE, SHIPPABLE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY SOFTWARE
ERRORS, DEFECTS OR INEFFICIENCIES WILL BE CORRECTED, NOR DOES SHIPPABLE ASSUME
ANY LIABILITY FOR FAILURE TO CORRECT ANY SUCH ERROR, DEFECT OR INEFFICIENCY.
SHIPPABLE MAKES NO WARRANTY, AND CUSTOMER ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK, AS TO THE
INTEGRITY OF ANY DATA AND THE RESULTS, CAPABILITIES, SUITABILITY, USE, NON-USE
OR PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED PROPERTY. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHIPPABLE BE LIABLE
TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM OR RELATED TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THE LICENSED PROPERTY. 

5.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF SECTION 2 OR 3,
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SUFFERED BY THE OTHER
PARTY, ANY PARTY CLAIMING ON BEHALF OF OR THROUGH THE OTHER PARTY, OR ANY OTHER
THIRD PARTY RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY
ADDENDUM HERETO OR THE PERFORMANCE OR BREACH THEREOF, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
DAMAGE OR LOSS OR DESTRUCTION OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE OF THE LICENSED PROPERTY,
EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHIPPABLE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER IN EXCESS
OF THE AMOUNTS PAID BY CUSTOMER TO SHIPPABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 

6.	TERM AND TERMINATION. Term. This Agreement commence as of the Effective
Date and continue for a period of one year (the “Initial Term”), unless
terminated sooner pursuant to this Section.  Following the expiration of the
Initial Term, this Agreement shall renew for successive one year periods (each,
a “Renewal Period”), unless either party provides at least thirty (30) days
prior written notice of its intent not to renew before the end of the
then-current term.
For trial installations, the Initial Term will be 30 days, unless terminated sooner 
pursuant to this Section. For trial installations, this Agreement can be renewed for 
30 additional days following expiration of the Initial Term, at Shippable's discretion.

6.1 Termination of License. Shippable may terminate this Agreement and the
License and other rights granted hereunder in the event Customer breaches any
of the provisions of this Agreement and does not remedy such breach within ten
(10) days of receipt of notice from Shippable declaring and setting forth the
nature of such breach. 

6.2  Effect of Termination of License. Immediately upon any termination,
cancellation or expiration of this Agreement or of any License granted
hereunder for any reason: (a)  all rights and Licenses granted to Customer
under this Agreement shall cease and terminate and Customer shall have no right
thereafter to use, and shall cease the use of, the Licensed Property or any
portion thereof; and (b)  Customer shall remove all Licenses of the Licensed
Property (including all copies thereof). 

6.3  Survival Provisions of the Agreement. The provisions of Section 3 through
9 of this Agreement shall survive the termination, cancellation or expiration
of this Agreement for any reason. 

7.	EXPORT REGULATIONS; U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTIONS. Customer acknowledges
that the Licensed Property may be subject to United States export laws,
statutes and regulations and to export laws, statutes and regulations of other
countries, and that Customer will at all times comply with the provisions of
such laws, statutes and regulations including obtaining any necessary or
required licenses. Customer shall not export or re-export or otherwise
transmit, directly or indirectly, the Licensed Property or any direct products
thereof into, or use the Licensed Property or any direct products thereof in,
any country prohibited or restricted under United States export laws, statutes
or regulations or any other applicable laws. 

8.	MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 8.1  Binding Effect. This Agreement and all of the
provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

8.2  Notices. All notices, requests, demands, consents, authorizations, claims,
and other communications (each a “Notice”) hereunder must be in writing and
sent to the other party by overnight delivery. Any Notice shall be deemed duly
given one (1) business day following the date sent when sent by overnight
delivery. No party may send any Notice to the intended recipient using any
other means. Notices to Shippable shall be sent to Shippable, Inc., 1932 1st
Avenue, Suite 420, Seattle, WA 98101, Attn: General Counsel. Unless otherwise
specified by Customer in writing, Notices to Customer shall be sent to the
registered agent of the Customer in the jurisdiction in which the Customer is
organized or incorporated. Any party may change the address to which Notices
are to be delivered by giving the other parties Notice in the manner herein set
forth. 

8.3  Governing Law. The validity and construction of this Agreement and all
matters pertaining thereto are to be determined in accordance with the laws of
the state of Washington, without reference to the conflicts of laws provisions
thereof. Customer agrees that any proceedings related to this Agreement,
including any suit filed against Shippable, shall be brought in the Courts of
the state of Washington located in the City of Seattle, Washington. Customer
waives any objections to personal jurisdiction and venue to that forum. The
parties specifically direct and agree that the CISG (UN-Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods) and the Uniform Computer Information
Transactions Act (UCITA) are specifically excluded and neither shall apply to
this Agreement or to the performance hereof by the parties hereto. 

8.4  Assignment. Customer may not, directly or indirectly, sell, assign,
sublicense, lease, rent, distribute, or otherwise transfer the License, the
Licensed Property, or any rights therein, or any rights or obligations under
this Agreement, to any other person or entity, unless Customer first obtains
the written consent of Shippable, except in conjunction with the sale of all or
substantially all of the stock or assets of Customer. 

8.5  Waiver. No party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have waived any of
its rights, powers or remedies under this Agreement unless such waiver is
expressly set forth in a writing signed by the waiving party. No written waiver
of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be, or shall constitute,
(i) a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, whether or not similar,
or (ii) a continuing or subsequent waiver of the same or another provision of
this Agreement. The failure of either party to enforce at any time any of the
provisions of this Agreement, or the failure to require at any time performance
by the other party of any of the provisions of this Agreement, will in no way
be construed to be a present or future waiver of any such provisions, or in any
way affect the validity of either party to enforce each and every such
provision thereafter. 

8.6  Captions. The captions and headings of Sections and subsections contained
in this Agreement are provided for convenience of reference only and shall not
be considered a part hereof for purposes of interpreting this Agreement, and,
way the meaning or intent of this Agreement or any of its terms or provisions. 

8.7  Severability. If any Section or other provision of this Agreement, or the
application of such Section or provision, is held invalid, then the remainder
of this Agreement, and the application of such Section or provision to persons
or circumstances other than those with respect to which it is held invalid,
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. In the event that any
provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction or panel of arbitrators to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision. The
parties agree to negotiate in good faith a substitute valid and enforceable
provision that most nearly effects the parties’ intent and to be bound by the
mutually agreed substitute provision. 

8.8  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument. 

8.9  Remedies. All remedies shall be cumulative and not alternative and in
addition to all other rights and remedies available in law and in equity. 

8.10  Attorney’s Fees. Customer agrees to pay any costs incurred by Shippable
in enforcing any provision of this Agreement in the event of the initiation of
any legal action or proceedings for such purpose, including but not limited to
all court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees, which costs shall bear interest
at the rate of 11⁄2% per month from the date of judgment. 

8.11  Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes,
supplants, and renders null and void any and all prior and contemporaneous
negotiations, discussions, proposals, agreements, understandings,
representations or communications, oral or written, of the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no representations, agreements,
arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto
relating to the subject matter of the Agreement which are not fully expressed
herein. 

