### Features
1. Two new environment variables are available in runSh and runCLI jobs to identify which resource triggered it. These are `JOB_TRIGGERED_BY_NAME`, `JOB_TRIGGERED_BY_ID`.
2. CI build emails have new enhancements. `sendConsoleLogs`, `sendCoverageReports` can be set in the notification YML section to attach console logs and coverage reports in the email.
3. Admin runs page now supports filtering and sorting.
4. New and improved runs search model.
5. Pipeline now supports dry-run. Branches can be visualized before merging.
6. Improvements in grid view search performance. 

### Bug Fixes

1. Resources can no longer be soft-deleted when a build is running. This prevents the subscription from getting stuck in an inconsitent state.
2. Only sync repo that a subscription integration has access to will be shown in the new sync repo dropdown.
3. Sockets are correctly handled when a new sync repo is added.
4. Failed custom and system nodes due to insufficent space can now be reset and no longer have to be removed and added again.
5. rSync will not be skipped if we fail to obtain SHA from the provider.
6. Fixes in PR builds for Bitbucket Server.
7. runCI resources are cleaned up correctly when deleted from resources.


### Steps to Upgrade
- **Pre-installation**:
    - [ ] Pull the latest code by running the following:
         - `git fetch origin --tags`
         - `git tag`
         - `git checkout v5.4.4`
    - [ ] Run `sudo apt-get update` on all machines
 
- **Installation**:
    - [ ] Run `./base.sh upgrade --version v5.4.4`

- **Post installation**:
    - [ ] Reset all system and custom nodes
    - [ ] Verify custom nodes are running the latest version of genExec
