### Changes to Shippable Agent (GenExec)
1. Adds support for git credential management. Customers on custom nodes who need this feature will have to reset.

### Features
1. Rsync should automatically add a flag which is the name of the rSync job
2. Adds admiral switch command so that EE customers can easily switch to latest admiral before upgrade.
3. Allow custom Git clone URL for project and git repo. Also, git credentials are now configured when used in pipelines.
4. Collapse or expand collapsible panels clicked anywhere in the header.
4. Add functionality for superUsers to update maximum node idle time for shippable nodes
5. Retire runCli.

### Bug Fixes
1. Inconsistency in color marked for tests skipped in summary tab and build console
2. Fixes collaborator is able to see pipeline resources and deleted objects from project dashboard.
3. Fixes key-value pair account integration on edit not able to remove variables which are been added.
4. Inconsistencies between grid view and console view
5. collaborator's billing page save button is always in enabled state
6. BuildJob property bag is returning sensitive data to non super users
7. Sync project permissions of transferred projects.
8. Changing scopes and enabling SAVE button in sub / account Int Edit page.
9. Fixes long environment variables displayed on the console page.
10. User builds skipped due to branch name should be marked as skipped and not failed
11. Disallow pinning of ciRepo resource
12. Show secure env for CI builds in run console panel.
13. Non-essential calls no longer block app startup
14. Fix inconsistency of public user 404 page
15. Returns to the correct page when using the browser back button on a CI job console page.
16. Shows 404 page for a job config page without access to the job and disables flag checkbox on config page without write access.
17. Inconsistency in displaying dependencies version number
18. Fixes gitlab user icon is not showing in triggered by column.
19. Public user is not able to navigate to badges page from public project dashboard
20. flag view objects are not deleted when a pipeline containing the flag is deleted
21. Hide Minion size when on custom node in billing page
22. Showing resources in grid view in custom dashboard.
23. remove download console logs option for public user
24. triggering jobs with pinned versions when dependency in a failed state
25. Modifying minions size and switching between node types allow using same number of minions for less price