### Changes to Shippable Agent (GenExec)
1. update stepExec & genexec to always post version with versionTrigger `false`.
1. updates genexec to inject environment variable directly from the params resource.
3. updated state resource OUT handler.

### Features
1. Adds `replicate` option for `OUT` step resources.  And allows gitRepo resources to be used as an input or output in a runCI job.
2. Simplified/Custom Naming for Kubernetes
3. Allow summary, runs and tabs in a job view to be hyperlinked
4. Left navigation bar doesn't stay collapsed across page loads
5. Make URLs as hyperlinks.
6. SSH access to build machines
7. Automatically injects key value pairs from params resource to the environment.
8. Allows input versions to be pinned in the UI.
9. Added a history table to the project dashboard.
10. support custom ENVs for pipeline jobs
11. Adding flags to syncRepo/rSync after creation(mvp3)

### Bug Fixes
1. jobs with state resources can be updated later
2. Update URL when switching builds through roller
3. New UI hangs when viewing consoles for some jobs
4. inconsistent resources have no flag to tell us its inconsistent
5. Sort buttons have no effect on account integrations list
6. [SPOG] color for waiting runCI job is not consistent with waiting pipeline job
7. Enabling Kubernetes in Admiral UI will bring up provision service. From Admiral UI, user can also enable Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Digital Ocean integrations.
8. fixes the error message which shows accountIntegrations instead of subscriptionIntegrations in GET /subscriptionIntegrations/:subscriptionIntegrationId/dependencies
9. fixes the UX glitch when clicking on Bitbucket Server account integration
10. Fixes trace tab in old UI.
11. provision job has error but still marked green(kubernetes)
12. grid-view "i" icon in firefox vs chrome
13. custom job run page more/less logic not quite right
14. Circular reference problem with state resource
15. Exception trying to delete a subscriptionIntegrationPermission
16. Callback Url doesn't update dynamically on changing the Shippable UI URL
17. Incorrect API and WWW urls populated in Admiral UI
18. subscription integration page is not loading
19. [Shippable server EE] Fixes dynamic node UI issues
20. [Shippable server EE] Fixes CI builds hang indefinitely even when dynamic node provisioning fails.
21. going into runCI jobs page, user should only see that jobs builds
22. Job status does not change when a run is canceled
23. WWW factories should not propagate events from projects and subs on which the user has no permissions
24. Allow tables to be sorted by commit SHA and remove project name and resource type columns from the project dashboard.
25. Job Page loads all reports etc. even at the summary level
26. opaque trace tree table