### Bug Fixes
1. Sorting Subscription Integration list doesn't have any effect on list
    - adds proper sorting on all columns for subscription integrations listings page

2. No connection between a ci run and the version(s) created for it
    - Pinning success versions of runCI jobs will trigger dependent jobs even if current state of runCI is not successful

3. Unhandled exception in WWW login flow during GitHub outage
    - handles the exception thrown in WWW login flow for github.

4. Cannot enable keyValuePair integration from admiral UI.
    - User was unable to use keyValuePair integration as they had no way to enable it from Admiral UI.

5. Gitlab branch to branch PRs within same project are not working
    - handles uncaught expression and triggers PR builds sent from branch to branch

6. show consistent icons for "settings"
    - In project dashboard, gears icon should be seen for settings

7. Handle account integration delete when it has dependencies
     - User should be able to delete account integrations having dependencies.

8. Configure Job view has UX issues
     - User is able to understand which versions are pinned or not more properly

9. Random job timeouts due to incomplete `git_sync` step
     - User should not see completed `git_sync` step with either success/failed status

10. JUnit test case failures are not detected and reported accurately
     - User was not getting proper junit test stats as we were not considering the errors happening in the testsuite.

11. All builds/runs dashboard will have be sorted and have sorting on all columns for processing/queued/completed.
    - Users were not having sorting in queued/processing builds.

12. Number of test errors were not displayed in the run/job summary
    - Users were not able to see the number of test errors while viewing the run/job summary.

### Features
1. Filter queued & processing sections in the grid view on the SPOG filter
    - Users can now apply the flag filters to queued & processing sections in the grid view of subs & custom views dashboards

1. Allow OUTs to overwrite resource versions
    - Using `$JOB_STATE` today to update versions for `OUT` resources on a job only allows you to append properties to the existing version. `overwrite: true` makes it possible to replace the version information entirely instead of appending to it.

1. PinnedVersion not deleted when jobDependency between the job and pinned resource is deleted
    - Versions pinned in the UI will be stored in the jobDependency instead of the resource.

1. Adds support for docker version 17.06.0-ce
    - With the 5.8.2 SMI, users can use docker 17.06.0-ce to run builds on dynamic nodes. Users can add custom nodes with docker 17.06.0-ce installed with Ubuntu 14/Ubuntu 16 nodes. Admins can add system nodes with docker 17.06.0-ce installed with Ubuntu 14/Ubuntu 16 nodes.

1. Drydock August Update
    - Update languages, CLI and services on all AMIs
    - Also fixes [Shippable/support#3736](https://github.com/Shippable/support/issues/3736) - Misconfiguration of MySQL socket pointer in PHP config

1. mark builderToken as valid for 10 minutes
    - The project builder account's access to the project will be checked before use only if it has been more than ten minutes since it was last checked. This will reduce the number of calls to the source provider to determine if the account can still access the project.
