### Bug Fixes
1. Long flag names are shorten with tooltip
   - User will see long flag names shorten with tooltip in flag dropdown menu in sub/custom dashboard.
2. machine image getting updated only after refreshing the page
   - user will see that the machine image is getting updated on all the tabs where he has the nodes open
3. downgrading a paid subscription to free not throwing an error, if builds are running on that sub
    - downgrading from a paid user to a free user will throw an error, if builds are running on that sub
4. JFrog integration fails on v5.8.2 images
    - The JFrog Artifactory integration can now be used with version 1.10.1.
5. GitLab account sync for groups with > 20 members
    - Some subscription permissions were not synchronized for GitLab groups with over twenty members on newer versions of GitLab.  Those permissions will reflect the permissions on the group.
6. Message doesn't match SHA for GitLab commit webhook runs with multiple commits
    - The sha details are displayed correctly for gitlab
7. PHP build fails for unsupported PHP version.
    - PHP build fails for version not supported in the images.
8. Remove unnecessary calls to buildJobs, builds, runs and jobs on dashboards and console pages
    - Reduces number of getRunById API calls made from custom, home, subscription and project dashboard when a runCI job goes from created to complete state.
    - Reduces number of getRunById and getJobs API calls made from jobConsoles page when a runCI job goes from created to complete state.
9. Commit/PR job status is not getting updated for GitRepo resource in GitLab
    - Pipeline jobs with a gitRepo input with `showBuildStatus` will now correctly update the status for a GitLab repository.
10. On triggering a matrix Rebuild, summary tab and job 1 tab both are selected
    - Multiple consoles pages tabs won't be selected on rebuild
11. downgrade breaking packages pushed in latest AMI
    - All CLIs rolled back to versions in AMI v5.7.3. Cannot use login for azure CLI in RunSH/ RunCLI jobs due to unsupported login using username and password.
12. updating nodeId in buildJob is updating build which results in extra signals being sent to www
    - unnecessary socket updates for build updated won't be received in the ui

### Features
1. stabilityDuration for ECS blueGreen deployments
    - extra validation step to ensure the new "blue" service is stable before considering the deployment a success
2. Support for v4 API in gitlab SCM and Auth.