# v6.1.2 Release Notes

## Release Date
Thursday, Jan 11 2018

## Features
  - **Shows account integration owner name in dropdown when editing a subscription integration**: Display account integration owner name along with integration name which helps in choosing subscription integration when there are multiple account integrations with the same name

## Fixes
  - **Bitbucket permissions on renamed repositories**: An error updating the deploy key on Bitbucket when a repository is renamed has been fixed.
      - The error resulted in missing permissions for accounts on the repository after it was renamed.
      - Synchronizing any affected accounts will fix missing permissions.
  - **gitRepo initial version**: adding a gitRepo for the first time will have additional conditions under which an initial version will be created when no branch is specified.  This should reduce confusion around errors when using a gitRepo as an `IN` for the first time before any webhooks are received. Logic is as follows:
      - use specified branch, if provided
      - use default branch if it exists or "master" if there is no default, but only if the resulting branch fits into the specified `except` and `only` rules.
  - **Resources names beginning with a number**: Fixed a bug that caused jobs to fail when one of the IN resources started with a number.

## Custom Nodes
  - **Resources names beginning with a number**: Fixed a bug that caused jobs to fail when one of the IN resources started with a number.
      - Reinitialization is required to apply this fix.

## Deprecation Notice
  - **lastHubspotSyncAt field removed from accounts GET API response**: Accounts GET API will no longer return `lastHubspotSyncAt` field in the response body.

## History

To view Shippable's release history, check out our [releases page on github](https://github.com/Shippable/admiral/releases).
