# v6.12.4 Release Notes

## Release Date

Tuesday, Dec 18 2018

## Features

- **Drydock update**: Updating all Shippable official images with latest stable versions of [languages](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/runtime/machine-image/language-versions/), [cli's](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/runtime/machine-image/cli-versions/) and [services](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/runtime/machine-image/services-versions/). Refer to documentation
  for [v6.12.4](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/runtime/machine-image/ami-v6124/) for details.
- **Subscription Integrations API**: It is now possible to filter subscription integrations by master integration (name, type, or ID) through the Shippable API by including `masterIntegrationNames`, `masterIntegrationTypes`, or `masterIntegrationIds` query parameters.
- **Added support for insights reports with custom date ranges**: Insights reports for subscriptions, projects and jobs can now be generated for any range of dates and delivered by email.

## Fixes

- **Fixes shipctl jdk to setup java environment correctly**: Java builds using oraclejdk8 on CentOS 7 image were failing and is fixed by setting the correct JDK path for java in shipctl. ([support#4603](https://github.com/Shippable/support/issues/4603), [support#4613](https://github.com/Shippable/support/issues/4613))
- **Removing pause/resume actions from project dashboard**: The project dashboard used to show "pause" and "resume" buttons against each branch. This button, however, would apply to the project as a whole and not for an individual branch. This has been removed. The ability to pause and resume a project is still available in the project settings page.
- **Fix CentOS 7 debug nodes prompting users for a password when using sudo**: The ssh user is now granted permission to use `sudo` in the debug nodes without being prompted for a password. This fix will work on CentOS 7 runtimes of v6.12.4 and above. [support#4677](https://github.com/Shippable/support/issues/4677)
- **Fix CentOS 7 on-demand nodes with Docker 18.03 installed not picking up builds**: The startup script sometimes runs before the docker daemon is up. Hence, the build runner does not start and the node is unable to run any builds. The script will now wait for the docker daemon before attempting to start the build runner.
- **Performance improvements on the subscription dashboard**: Load time, update time on the subscription dashboard should now be noticeably faster than before.
- **Fixes project sync to clean up jobStatesMap with branches that got deleted**: When a branch is deleted in SCM, syncing project was not deleting its associated jobStatesMap. This is now fixed.
  **Fix lack of entropy on dynamic nodes**: The `rng-tools` package is now available on all u14, u16, and c7 AMIs to fix the low entropy issues that some users were seeing.

## Shippable Server

### Fixes

- **Fixes errors when super user visits Gerrit subscriptions or projects with slashes in name**: Super users would see a 404 page when they try to visit Gerrit subscriptions or projects with slashes in the name. This issue has been fixed.

## History

To view Shippable's release history, check out our [releases page on github](https://github.com/Shippable/admiral/releases).
