# v6.3.3 Release Notes

## Release Date
Thursday, Mar 22 2018

## Features
  - **Improved usability of the Nodes dashboard**: You can see the OS and architecture of your nodes when you click on any node in the Node pool.
  - **Ability to specify timeout for runCI and runSh jobs**: You can specify the timeout of your runSh jobs in yml or Shippable UI. In the UI, timeout can be specified at the Node pool or Subscription level in the Node pool or Subscription settings respectively. Please read the [runSh](http://rcdocs.shippable.com/platform/workflow/job/runsh/) documentation on timeoutMinutes for more inforamtion on how to specify the timeout in your yml file.
  - **Analytics update**: We have made a significant update to analytics.
      - The Subscriptions insights page renders a bar graph of all builds across the sub in the last 7 days with height of the bar as the duration and the color of the bar as status. 
      - The Subscription insights page renders a stacked area chart plotted by days for last 7 days with each colour representing each status, the height representing the number of builds with that status and the total height representing the total builds for that day. A dropdown allows you to filter by job type such as runSh, runCI, deploy etc.
      - The Subscription insights page renders a line graph of median, Avg, min and max total durations for each day for the last 7 days. A dropdown allows you to filter by status and another dropdown allows you to filter by job type.
      - The Subscription insights page renders the queue count of jobs and processing count of jobs by minute for the last 7 days.
      - The CI job insights page renders a bar graph of builds in the last 7 days with height of the bar as the duration and the color of the bar as status. 
      - The CI job insights page renders a line graph of median, min and max test results for each day for the last 7 days for passed, failed and skipped categories.
      - The CI job insights page renders a line graph of median and max total coverage for each day for the last 7 days.
      - The CI job insights page renders a line graph of median, avg, min and max total durations for each day for the last 7 days. A dropdown allows you to filter by status.
      - The CI job insights page renders a stacked area chart plotted by days for last 7 days with each colour representing each status, the height representing the number of builds with that status and the total height representing the total builds for that day.
      - All Job insights pages renders a stacked area chart plotted by days for last 7 days with each colour representing each status, the height representing the number of builds with that status and the total height representing the total builds for that day.
      - All Job insights pages render a bar graph of builds in the last 7 days with height of the bar as the duration and the color of the bar as status. 
      - All job insights pages renders a line graph of median, Avg, min and max total durations for each day for the last 7 days. A dropdown allows you to filter by status.
  - **Ability to edit params resources from the SPOG**: Right click on the params resource in the SPOG and click on **Update** to edit the values of any params .
  - **Improve Usability of Console logs**: Console logs have been grouped into a reduced number of sections so that users can quickly drill down to the specific log they are interested in.
  - **Improvements to Windows BYON nodes initialization**: Windows nodes can be initialized without needing to download any external utilities and without requiring any environment variables to be set.

## Fixes
  - When deploy jobs are removed from the yml, the services that they deployed are deleted automatically.
  - When a soft deleted syncRepo is restored from the UI, all the jobs and resources created by the syncRepo are correctly restored.
  - The DELETE method on the /resources route works as expected.
  - Failures in tarring Code coverage output files have been fixed.
  - Upgrade deployments on ECS correctly set the replica count if the image applied to the Load balancer resource changes.
  - Matrix jobs correctly trigger OUT variables.

## Shippable Server

  - **Shippable Server can be installed on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS**: Both one-box and multiple-server configurations are supported on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS.
  - **Shippable Server allows specification of HTTP proxy servers**: Admiral downloads artifcats and packages needed for install using the HTTP protocol. If your corporate intranet routes HTTP traffic using a proxy, you can specify the proxy in Admiral UI.
  - **Support for public GIT repos for GitHub Enterprise**: Public gitRepo's can be specified as an input for runSh/runCLI jobs. 
 
  
## History

To view Shippable's release history, check out our [releases page on github](https://github.com/Shippable/admiral/releases).
