# v6.4.2 Release Notes

## Release Date
Friday, Apr 13 2018

## Features
  - **UX improvement for Node Pools**: While creating or editing a node pool, the `Runtime versions` dropdown is sorted in descending order.
  - **CI jobs in Assembly lines render YML**: You can view the complete YML for a CI job used in an Assembly Line.
  - **Fine grain control on replication of a gitRepo resource**: A common use case is to trigger a managed deploy job or runSh after CI in an Assembly line, using the same branch and SHA as CI using the `replicate` feature. Customers often want to trigger CI for PRs but they do not want their managed and unmanaged jobs downstream to be triggered for PRs. You can enable this scenario by specifying `replicateOnPullRequest: false`.

```yaml
jobs:
  - name: myrepo_runCI
    type: runCI
    steps:
      - OUT: myGitRepoResource
        replicate: myrepo_ciRepo
        replicateOnPullRequest: false
```

  - **Added support to deploy job for forced deployment with release inputs**
      - Consider the following assembly line: `image->manifest->release->deploy`. In the deploy job, you can now attach `force: true` to the `release` IN step and the deploy job will deploy the manifests in your release, regardless of whether or not they have changed since the previous deployment.
  - **Added support to trigger downstream jobs even if an upstream job fails**
      - new IN step modifier flag: `triggerOnSuccess` (defaults to true) can be set to false if you do not want the job to be triggered as a result of a successful completion of the IN job.
      - new IN step modifier flag: `triggerOnFailure` (defaults to false) can be set to true if you want the job to be triggered even when the IN step has failed.

```yaml
jobs:
  - name: deprovision
    type: runSh
    steps:
      - IN: test_job
        triggerOnFailure: true  (default false)
        triggerOnSuccess: true  (default true)
```
  - **Added native support for Amazon ECS auto scaling in managed deploy jobs**
    - enhanced replicas resource that allows you to create scaling policies and CloudWatch alarms for a particular manifest.
    - see docs on [replicas](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/workflow/resource/replicas/) and [deploy jobs](http://docs.shippable.com/platform/workflow/job/deploy/) to utilize this feature.    

## Fixes
  - Mismatched ssh-agent versions in custom build images will no longer result in build failure.
  - Navigation from a Shared view to another works as expected. 
  - After a CI build completes, its status is reflected correctly in the *Latest Status* grid.
  - SSH access to Ubuntu 16.04 nodes for debug CI runs works as expected.
  - Running a Jenkins CI job, using an external CI integration, triggers downstream jobs which have the external CI job as an IN.
  - Updating billing details without a change in total cost is allowed.
  - Jira issue created for a non-matrix CI builds create issue links in the CI build console page immediately. 
  - UX issues for Subscription and Project Insights have been fixed for Chrome on OSX.

## Shippable Server

  - Custom webhook integrations can now be properly utilized.

 
## History

To view Shippable's release history, check out our [releases page on github](https://github.com/Shippable/admiral/releases).
